The Hard Truth


Your design and engineering are solid — the cream/purple system, animations, and component architecture are genuinely well-crafted. But the content is hollow. You've built a beautiful frame around an empty canvas. Here's what to fix:
CRITICAL (Fix Now — These Kill Credibility)

1. Add real screenshots to every project
This is the #1 problem. Zero images anywhere on the entire site. Every project visual is a CSS gradient. Hiring managers will assume you have no real work. Take screenshots of:
- Fennec Booking (you have the app — screenshot every major screen)
- ElQuran, Driver App, all projects
- Add them to projects.ts and replace the gradient placeholders

2. Remove or replace the fake testimonials
"Alex Johnson, CTO at TechStart" is not a real person. Fake social proof is worse than no social proof. Either:
- Get real testimonials from real clients (even 1-2 sentence WhatsApp screenshots work)
- Remove the entire section

3. Fix all dead links
- Psych AI github: "https://github.com/" — broken
- Fennec live: "https://play.google.com/store" — generic Play Store homepage
- YouTube href="#", TikTok href="#" — placeholder
- On detail pages, #contact and #top links are broken

4. Add mobile navigation
Right now on mobile, users see only the logo — no menu, no hamburger, no way to navigate. This is a usability bug.
HIGH PRIORITY (This Week)

5. Rewrite every project description as a technical case study
Current: "Users needed a modern Quran reading experience"
Should be: "I built a React SPA with 114 surahs, lazy-loaded audio streaming for 12 reciters, verse-level search with fuzzy matching, and i18n for 8 languages — achieving a 95 Lighthouse performance score."
Do this for all 6 projects. Show architectural decisions, tradeoffs, and outcomes.

6. Fix the Experience section
"Freelance Software Engineer — developed multiple full-stack apps" says nothing. Name clients (or describe industries), name technologies, name outcomes. Example:
Freelance — Algerian Tourism Platform (2022-2023)  
Built a Next.js travel platform with 500+ listings, integrated payment via Baridimob, served 2k+ monthly visitors.

7. Replace weak stats with real metrics
Current stats: "Started 2021", "Founded Techverse 2023" — these are calendar events, not achievements.
Replace with: users served, bookings processed, community members, performance improvements, revenue impact.

8. Add prefers-reduced-motion support
Your entire site is blur transitions, parallax, and scroll animations. Users with vestibular disorders will get physically sick. Add:
@media (prefers-reduced-motion: reduce) {
  *, *::before, *::after {
    animation-duration: 0.01ms !important;
    transition-duration: 0.01ms !important;
  }
}






MEDIUM PRIORITY (This Month)

10. Populate detail pages for all projects
Right now 5 of 6 projects render an almost empty detail page (only Hero + Overview tabs). Add features, architecture, screenshots, stats, and capabilities to every project in projects.ts.

11. Rewrite the About section
It reads like a LinkedIn summary. Add personality and story: Why do you build software? What drives you? What's your philosophy?

12. Remove or rewrite the Content Creator section
YouTube and TikTok links are dead (href="#"). No follower counts, no evidence. Either populate with real content or remove entirely.

13. Remove or replace the ProcessMap section
"Idea → Experiment → MVP → Product" is abstract filler with no concrete evidence. Replace with a specific case study walkthrough, or delete it.

14. Fix the Services section
All 6 services just link to #contact with zero elaboration. Either add detail about what each engagement looks like, or remove.

15. Improve the FAQ
Replace generic questions with real ones: pricing, process, availability, timezone, communication style.
LOW PRIORITY (Polish)
#	What

16	Add JSON-LD structured data (Person schema) for SEO

17	Create a contact form instead of exposing email to scrapers

18	Throttle the Cursor mousemove listener

19	Add ARIA attributes to FAQ accordion

20	Remove dead dark mode CSS or build the toggle

21	Make the hero headline specific, not generic

The Priority Order
Week 1:  Screenshots + Fix fake testimonials + Fix dead links + Mobile nav
Week 2:  Rewrite all project descriptions as technical case studies
Week 3:  Fix Experience section + Stats + About section
Week 4:  Detail pages for all projects + Accessibility + FAQ + Content Creator